Yesterday I tested the RF24 hardware which it is what I am going to use for communicating
between the Rpi and the arduino. I tested it in different ways, first arduino to arduino
(That's probably what you want to start with to ensure the hardware and connections are
correct) and then arduino to Rpi.

For the arduino side, you need the RF24 library and then some basic starting code to
understand [how](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjId_6tlYvE) how to use it. I decided
to use the canonical GettingStarted example where you can set the devices as senders
or receivers and a small payload is send between them.

Once that worked, I modified briefly the [code](src/blinkLedRemote) to control
remotely a led from the Rpi.

The limitations of the Arduino IDE are starting to show up. As I mentioned in
my [previous](posts/08/start.md) post, I encountered limitations in how to use
the C/C++ libraries from within the IDE. I am going to try to directly use the
underlying tooling. The two main tools are a compiler (avr-gcc) and a upload
tool (avrdude). My intention is to be able to separate all the logic and vendor
libraries so I can test and work in the different components in an independent
way.

Once I have a healthy dev environment, I can start iterating over the firmware for the
open nest, component by component.

On that note, I received this week and tested the new humidity and thermometer module.
It also comes with another C++ library. It seems to be precise and stable. That's more
progress.
